A large piece of aerial debris has blocked the main logging road in Fairy Creek, making
the area inaccessible to large vehicles and inhibiting the RCMP’s ability to remove
protestors from the area. Advocates for protecting the old growth forest claim that the
current atmospheric instability makes the protection of these ancient trees even more
important, saying that the trees are so large they reduce the impact of atmospheric
fragments. While the RCMP denies this claim, reporters in the area say they have not
witnessed any large fallen trees, despite the large amounts of aerial debris in the area.
#####
The latest misuse case for Anthropic’s Mythos has an unusual target: Ruth Bader
Ginsburg. Unknown hacker(s) gained access to the unauthorized license of the AI
program and used it to posthumously leak the emails of the esteemed Supreme Court
judge. Journalistic investigation of the leaked emails includes scathing analysis of her
fellow (all male) judges. These critiques not only brought into question their character
and verdicts, but also, mostly salaciously, reports of the size and ability of certain.. More
private…. Lets just say these judges seemed better at banging a gavel in court then
they did banging at home, if you know what I mean Whether or not these emails hold
the truth or pure gossip is up to interpretation, but given that some of these emails seem
to be coming from the personal account of the wives of judges, well, I’ll leave it for
listeners to come to their own conclusions.
#####
NASA has announced it is reinstating all operations, after a seven month hiatus from
any orbital operations. The agency says that, despite the high risk for individual
astronauts, the potential value of discovering the cause of atmospheric instability is too
high for any further delay. Canada, the United States and Russia have all pledged a
doubling of their countries’ respective space research budget, a potentially
unprecedented international collaboration.
#####
A new, highly exclusive gym has opened in Toronto at Bay and Bloor. Those who have
attempted to walk in and register have reported not only being turned away but actually
being completely ignored by receptionist staff, as if they were not visible. Meanwhile,
many city residents have taken to social media to post images of the 7 karat
gold-embossed envelopes they have received, inviting them to join the gym. According
to amateur internet sleuths, there is no clear pattern as to who receives the invitations.
Those who have tried to enter with the invitation are acknowledged by receptionists and
told it is a $5,000 a month membership fee. Those recording have left, unable or
unwilling to pay the exorbitant fee. As far as we know, no one has yet entered the gym,
or at least, if they have, they have not posted about it.