China's naval blockade of the Taiwan Strait moves into its 23rd day of tension. Following a strong rebuke of China's actions by Prime Minister Carney, Canadian ambassadors at the Canadian Trade office in Taipei have been recalled, effective immediately. NATO has confirmed in a public statement that they will get involved "immediately and with intensity" if Russia continues its advance towards the border of Poland. While Trump has insinuated a willingness to use nuclear weapons in response to Russian advancements, other NATO countries, including Canada, have urged restraint. Investigators are saying they suspect criminal intent in relation to the fire at the downtown Toronto Marriott last month. While a suspect has not been announced, the TPD confirmed in a recent press interview that there is evidence correlating the alleged arson to individuals who protested an Israeli tech conference that was occurring at the hotel at the time. No further information is currently available. The Canadian Supreme Court has reached a verdict on a case of domestic violence where a Ring camera was used as a critical form of evidence. The Ring camera, which was placed inside the home of a neighbour, faced the accused's bedroom, capturing clear evidence of abuse. However, the court ruled this evidence inadmissible, as it breached privacy rights by non-consensually recording a private residence. The case was thrown out and the accused walked free. Although the court said in their verdict that they regretted the lack of consequences for the accused, the potential ramifications the precedent would set for privacy rights was too high to indict. AI is helping kids keep safe online with instant photographic age verification. The Toronto-based Artificial Intelligence startup Kronosure has been acquired by Meta as a way to enforce the ban on social media usage for children under the age of 16. Gracie Abrams releases her fourth album today, titled, Through a Glass, Sparkling. Paris Fashion Week kicked off on September 27th, showcasing the womenswear collection for Spring/Summer 28. and is set to wrap up on the sixth. Fashion houses showcased so far include Acne Studios, Rick Owens, Givenchy, Chanel, and Saint Laurent. Louis Vuitton will close out the event on the sixth. The Hamilton Airport has officially closed today. With Porter and Air Transat both hanging up their wings, and Air Canada's reduced service, Hamilton became the latest regional airport to no longer be able to justify its existence. Government back-to-work programs have already begun re-training airport staff for the massive rail infrastructure commitments expected in the upcoming annual budget. The levees around Granville Island in metro Vancouver broke yesterday after a large atmospheric fragment fell into the Strait of Georgia, sending large waves throughout the area. The waves reached False Creek around 8PM, and the area has been inaccessible since. This is the third levee break since their construction last year, further bringing into question whether the island is still economically viable for the city. Nova Scotia votes next Monday on a bill to decide whether or not the province will mandate measles vaccines for infants over the age of 12 months. This controversial bill makes Nova Scotia the second province to pass such a mandate, after New Brunswick passed a similar bill last November. Continued investigations into the disruption to Pope Leo XIV's Golden Jubilee last month reveal that the robot dogs released during the event were all run under a single-origin software, called Ubisan. Ubisan is an open source software created collectively online by AI enthusiasts, and is available for free to anyone who has the skills to use it. Given this software ambiguity, it is unlikely investigators will be able to use the program's digital footprint to discover who initiated the attack. Interpol has stated it is working with cutting-edge tech experts to apprehend the culprit, and are confident that their team will be able to bring them to justice. The Canadian government is announcing a temporary pause to all Freedom of Information Claims from both journalistic and civilian organizations. When questioned on the decision, press secretary Rachel Bendayan (Ben-day-an) stated that their office could not respond to the volume of claims, given the current atmospheric crisis. When a journalist mentioned the possible infringement on the Canadian Charter of Rights and Freedoms, Secretary Bendayan reminded the press that the invocation of the Emergencies Act, which occurred last December, has not yet been lifted by the government, thereby allowing this restriction of transparency. Civil Rights organizations across the country have promised to sue on behalf of citizens, although experts state that under the Emergencies Act, there is little chance of victory. Development of a new luxury condo complex in Bucerias, Mexico (an hour outside of Puerto Vallarta) has been halted after a series of destructive acts of vandalism. These acts are speculated to be caused by local cartels, though no one has come forward to claim the attacks. Since development by real estate company Padre del Casa began in 2014, property values in the area have tripled, while many residents still struggle to pay for groceries. The rapid inflation has been attributed to PDC's exponential growth in the area, which may be creating tensions between locals and tourists. New Zealand has passed a referendum 56 to 54, banning the advertising of pharmaceuticals to the public. This decision means the United States is the only nation to allow unfettered drug advertising, although critics argue that the supposed restrictions to Canadian drug advertising are not nearly strong enough. An explosion rang out Friday October 24th at 8:07 pm at Queens Park, drawing onlookers to Queens Park Circle and creating a column of smoke over the east wing of the building. No injuries are reported. A sanitation worker, who requested not to be named, the only individual on site, reports being in the legislature's entrance way upon hearing the blast. They discovered a small fire in the east first floor washrooms, and were able to extinguish it before it spread. Danielle Smith has confirmed that, despite potential concern about Charter violations, Alberta will have its separatist vote next Thursday. Polls are saying Albertan opinions are almost tied, though consistently still favour staying in the Canadian federation. Many believe this is due to fears of increased pressure to become an American state if Alberta was to separate. Smith has continually affirmed that this would not be a possibility, should the separation referendum pass. The Gardiner Expressway is set to reopen tomorrow morning, after three weeks of repairs, due to aerial debris. Commutters should still expect delays as some portions of the expressway have reduced lanes, due to continuing repairs, but it will once again be possible to drive though. For us TTC commuters, hopefully this will also mean some extra room on those subway cars. Canadian Health Minister Marjorie Michel is pushing for houselessness to be categorized as a mental illness in the next edition of the DSM. Michel argues that being unhoused completely matches the definition of mental disorder, which is currently described by the World Health Organization as "significant disturbance in an individual's cognition, emotional regulation, or behaviour." Both housing and mental health advocates decry this suggestion, calling it a blatant denial of the structural causes of houselessness. They also say that defining houselessness as an illness could set the precedent for other significant decisions to be enacted, such as the option to participate in MAID, if one is without a home. Yesterday middle school students at Trinity Merton Secondary School protested the complete ban of social media for people under the age of 18 by throwing paper airplanes back and forth to each other during their third period classes. Student spokespersons said they were using the paper planes as "messages," citing historical examples of non violent protests such as Tiananmen Square and The 1963 March on Washington. Their teachers, who collected a few of these planes, said the notes written on them included simple messages such as "the government is unc" and "skibidi," as well as quote "crude images" such as penises and caricatures of the teachers. Massachusetts saw its first verdict under the new set of laws governing family vlogging and kidfluencers online. Amanda Bairdy, a 19 year-old ex-kidfluencer, began a lawsuit against her parents last March, after the implementation of the new guidelines passed earlier that month. Bairdy claimed withheld financial assets, emotional duress and a lack of consent for her participation in content on the Bairdy Bird channel, which began when she was only 28 weeks old. The Bairdys continued to post vlogs and other content throughout her upbringing, from life updates and advice, to prank videos. The court ruled in Amanda's favour, citing an overwhelming amount of video evidence in which she dissented to being filmed by her parents over the years. Law experts claim this case indicates we may be seeing far more family vlogger-based lawsuits in the near future. Prisoners at California Correctional Facility have begun a hunger strike after they were assigned the task of constructing a new, nearby data centre as mandatory labour designation. Over 1,100 of the prison's residents have joined in on the strike, refusing to work on the State's new data expansion project The protest against the refusal of the Quebec Superior Court to overturn their government's ban on religious symbols reaches its fourth day. Protestors held joint religious services in the streets of Montreal and Quebec city, with Catholic mass, Lutheran Service, Muslim Prayer circles and Jewish Service all happening simultaneously in the streets. Outside of the religious demonstrations, many secular protestors danced in solidarity, wearing a multitude of different religious symbols simultaneously, despite it currently being illegal to do so in the province. Doug Ford has announced that any and all areas within Ontario that are hit by aerial debris are no longer under their respective municipal control, but instead governed by his new, "Fallout Control Committee". So far, the committee has expropriated over 230,000 hectares, including a third of Sudbury, a few hectares in Haldimand, The town of Lincoln, and Toronto's Parkdale neighbourhood. Many consider this government overreach, however no legal justification to override the order has yet been articulated. The Girl Group Katseye loses original member Manon (Man-on)Bannerman as she pursues a solo career. Bannerman announced a hiatus from the group in 2025, but confirmed that she has officially parted ways with Katseye. Consumer reports for the last quarter are showing an increase in purchases of a new category of products being called, "AI Companions." Despite the marketing campaigns of wearable AI such Aura Rings of the Friend pendant receiving widespread ridicule on the internet, it seems these personal, physical machine-learning gadgets are being adopted by more of the public than they might want to let on. Batman Part II opened this weekend to an unfortunately low box office turn out. While the first film in the saga made 57 million on its first day hitting theaters in 2022, Part II has grossed just under 25 million in its first weekend. Industry representatives blame current global events for decreasing cinema attendance, but critics state that the five-year gap between films may have lost viewers' attention. Drop shipping company Alibaba is in hot water after a piece of aerial debris crashed into one of their factories in Hangzhou (Hung-joe), China causing the collapse of the west side of the building and revealed the internal workings of the facility. Within the manufacturing facility, large amounts of CFCs and lead paint were being used to manufacture value novelty electronics, such as cosmetic mini fridges and decorative cat fountains. Experts are saying the building collapse, along with heavy winds, likely created the ideal conditions for these contaminants to spread throughout the city. Residents within a 20-block radius of the factory were urged to stay indoors with their windows closed. At least 6 workers were killed in the collapse, with the final casualty count still to be determined. The band "30 Seconds To Mars" has announced they are cancelling their 2027 tour, as well as all future performances indefinitely. In a recent press release the group stated that these cancellations are due to quote" the American Government's refusal to acknowledge that atmospheric fragmentation is caused by the New World Order, in collaboration with aliens" unquote. The band states it will continue its tour once the government admits it is ceding control to a higher, hegemonic power. Ticketmaster has announced it will be issuing refunds to all ticketholders in 3-5 business days An escaped bee hive in Hamilton, Ontario spurs a neighbourhood effort to find the lost bees. Sandy and Tegan Thornton were shocked to discover that the fuzzy friends in their backyard beehive had disappeared overnight on September 26. Nature cam footage that the couple had set up shows the swarm leaving en masse over the garden fence in the early morning. After taking to their neighbourhood Facebook page, a community bee-hunt was organized, naming themselves the Hamilton Honey Hunters. The Honey Hunters conducted a thorough search, and finally found the swarm underneath a used car for sale at Wayne's Auto World. "We just followed our ears," a neighbour said. "It was easier than you think." Elon Musk is feeling some heat from the stock market today from investors as the sell-off of shares from SpaceX continues. Investors are concerned about Starlink's profitability following disruptions to service from atmospheric fragmentation. A representative of the company, speaking under conditions of anonymity, suggested that the company is betting on Grok to solve the problem. However, until computers step in and solve the problem, the dream of satellite internet has come down to earth.. Toronto Zoo welcomes a new red panda cub with a call to the public to vote on her name. Since opening their new red panda habitat in the summer of 2026, Toronto Zoo says it is "a great success to have a breeding pair thrive the way that Poppy and Kalden are, and we hope it will be the same for their new cub." Visitors won't be able to see the new cub for some time, however, as mom and baby will be spending this delicate period in the specially designed maternity dens. While cub survival rates are low, the Zoo remains optimistic about the supportive environment that the new habitat offers. Today marks the one month anniversary of the autonomous zone situated in Debaltseve (De-balt-sev), near the contentious border between Ukraine and Russia. The region declared independence from both nations and a full demilitarization of the area in September, and continues to operate. While neither Russia or Ukraine support the zone, both consider members inside their civilians, and neither have been willing to attack nor negotiate with the zone. At least five journalists have disappeared in Burkina Faso (West Africa near Senegal) during the past week, part of a concerning trend in the crackdown on civil liberties in the country. Since a military coup seized power in 2022, Burkina Faso has been under the leadership of Captain Ibrahim Traoré. In April 2026, Traoré told the press that "Everyone is free to say what they want and give their own opinion." Despite this, four journalists had already been abducted and forced into military conscription, only released in July of that year after the Federation of African Journalists (FAJ) and the International Federation of Journalists (IFJ) campaigned for their release. The journalist groups, along with Amnesty International and Human Rights Watch, have renewed calls on the junta for transparency regarding the location of the missing journalists, as it is suspected they are being wrongfully detained, and possibly tortured. Reports from St Benson, Minnesota, about 20 km from Fargo say that a fragment of atmosphere fell into farmers field, flattening livestock, an apple orchard and a chicken coop. Farmer Bruce Antonoff is seeking government compensation. NASA has announced it is reinstating all operations, after a seven month hiatus from any orbital operations. The agency says that, despite the high risk for individual astronauts, the potential value of discovering the cause of atmospheric instability is too high for any further delay. Canada, the United States and Russia have all pledged a doubling of their countries' respective space research budget, a potentially unprecedented international collaboration. HBO's Euphoria director Sam Levinson announces a new project: an adaptation of Aldous Huxley's 1932 novel Brave New World. This is Levinson's first project since the final season of Euphoria aired in 2026, which struggled against years of delays and scheduling conflicts to ultimately be met with mixed reviews and a 44% rating on Rotten Tomatoes. Levinson is keeping the details close to his chest for now, but has confirmed that it will be a limited series on HBO, as well as told Vanity Fair that it will follow "the spirit of the novel, if not the letter." Known for being a provocateur and embracing the controversial, it is impossible to predict what Levinson's adaptation of the classic will look like. A Sikh man was killed in the Shimoga district in Bangalore, India yesterday in broad daylight by a group of unarmed residents. This marks the 23rd recorded mortality linked to the rapidly escalating anti-Sikh violence spreading throughout the country. In the wake of the release of the Joni Mitchell biopic, several A-listers reveal that they were in the running for the highly-coveted role. While Meryl Streep and Anya-Taylor Joy gave performances that garnered plenty of critical acclaim, audiences are now wondering what Cameron Crowe's film would have been like if different actors had stepped into the part. While we can hardly call these celebs 'unsuccessful,' here are some of the stars who were passed over for the part: Sydney Sweeney, Scarlett Johansson, Diana Agron, Dove Cameron, Sabrina Carpenter, Alicia Silverstone, Zara Larsson, Glenn Close, Kate Hudson, and Charlize Theron. If you've been following this film since before it was even officially announced, you may notice that one dulcimer-strumming starlet is noticeably absent. Amanda Seyfried, who sang Mitchell's song 'California' on Jimmy Fallon in March of 2025, revealed that she was attached to a previous Joni Mitchell biopic developed in 2020, which ultimately fell through. In regards to Crowe's project, Seyfried said, "What I know about that project is that I'm very, very much aged-out of [playing] young Joni." Considering the age range of the women who tried to play the Canadian-born songstress, maybe Amanda would have been justified in shooting her shot! Indonesia has announced a new, 29 billion dollar redevelopment plan for Jakarta that they claim will be on the "cutting edge, nature-based design." The project, which is estimated to be finished in 2035, include the daylighting of multiple urban waterways that are currently channelled, and an ambitious plan to bring the city's plant biodiversity up to at least ⅔ of their forest diversity. While the plan is costly, urban planning experts cite the success of other naturalization projects such as the restoration of the Chonggyechon (Chon-gay-chon) in South Korea as strong indicators that the project could be a success. The Lion King on Broadway prepares for its 30-year anniversary. The stage adaptation of the animated film opened on October 15, 1997. The third-longest running show on Broadway plans to celebrate with a pop-up zoo in Times Square with animals from the Bronx Zoo, including lions, zebras, and giraffes. Host of successful podcast Call Her Daddy and co-founder of Unwell Beverages, was recently caught in the splash zone. Protestors interrupted Cooper's keynote speech at the Women in Tech conference in Toronto on September 22, spraying water guns full of what guests assumed was a red sports beverage, and calling for Cooper to cease her business partnership with Nestle for her line of Unwell Beverages. After protestors were removed by security, Cooper commented to the crowd that, "This is why it's so hard for women to succeed. We're subjected to so many purity tests, and it's almost always other women who are trying to drag us down." Despite months of international outcry, Amazon still refuses to ban the selling of "Safety Domes" on its site. Safety Domes first started popping up for sale online in March after a series of celebrity social media posts went viral, in which celebrities like Emma Chamberlain, Kendall Jenner and Jelly Roll were showing off newly built protective dome structures that encased their homes. These original Safety Domes were built by the now defunct company, Harbinger Inc., and were said to be able to protect against any falling atmospheric fragment of up to 25 tons. Knock-off companies began selling similar domes shortly thereafter, offering the same peace of mind, but at a fraction of the cost. Harbinger Inc.'s claim was quickly disproved on April 12 when a relatively small atmospheric fragment hit Jenner's 3.2 million dollar beach house, shattering it instantly upon impact. Since then, Safety Domes have all but disappeared for sale online until two weeks ago when a few started showing up again on Amazon and selling out in seconds. Disney's Chicken Little maintains top spot on the streaming service for the 36th week in a row. The 2005 animated feature which was largely ignored upon its release, has picked up steady viewership for what some have called prescience in predicting the present crisis. Sixth grade students from St. Michaels Middle School in Springfield, Vermont are now charting the New York Times Bestseller list after their debut poetry anthology reached the third spot this week. The class began writing the anthology as a fundraiser to aid their teacher Ms. Caroline Miller, in paying for medical expenses related to a recent cancer diagnosis. Folks looking to read the poems can go to any local book retailer near them to find a copy. With the expanded use of GLP-1's to treat early onset dementia and kidney disease. Ozempic manufacturer Novo Nordisk and the Department of Health in the State of California are considering a program to add the GLP-1 to state drinking water. This program has faced criticism from a range of voices, including Secretary Health and Human Services Zen Honeycutt. A popular atmospheric debris prediction site, Where2Hide, has been officially debunked, proving to be part of a nefarious dark web scheme. Dark web users could pay a fee to have a location listed as a likely area to be hit by aerial debris, often leading to residents of the area evacuating. Police investigators in Boise, Idaho discovered the ruse, when a string of burglaries occurred in the town, at addresses previously listed on the site. The IP addresses of both the clients and web site host were collected, and the police currently have warrants out for both parties. This is your friendly reminder to only trust aerial debris warnings from trusted sources, like local government authorities, and check back with us regularly to find out whether recommendations are to evacuate, or shelter in place. Toronto Police Officers executed an early morning raid on the homes of the two suspected organizers of last month's violent protest at city hall, which was against the ceasing of the Toronto Air Show. TPD broke down doors at 5:15AM, arresting both suspects and confiscating laptops, cell phones, and various pamphlets and other "propagandizing literature." The suspects have not yet been named publicly, but are charged on accounts of inciting violence, violence against a police officer, and disrupting the peace. One Battle After Another and The Testaments actress Chase Infiniti confirms that she has signed on for Robert Eggers next film. Eggers has not yet revealed the title of the upcoming feature, but told reporters that it will complete his New England folk-horror trilogy. High Park resident Geraldine McCarmine was found this morning after being reported missing by her daughter on Friday. McCarmine, aged 81, had left her apartment yesterday without notifying her care aide, and was found this morning sitting beside a pond in High Park. Eurovision has announced Israel will not be permitted to compete in the 2028 competition. While many are pushing for the competition to ban Israel, given the consistent documentation of war crimes within the country, Eurovision spokespersons say that it was their independent investigation of the 2026 voting influence scandal that led them to ban the country. After almost two years of investigation, the organization has found that Israel's multi million dollar marketing campaign to secure votes went against the rules of the competition, disqualifying them from future participation. An elementary school in Termez, Uzbekistan has been placed under strict quarantine following a case of mass hysteria. Initially reported as prolonged laughing fits, updates have confirmed additional symptoms of crying, shaking, yelling and erratic movements. The first indication of symptoms arose in a group of 2nd graders allegedly sharing a joke. However when the students could not cease laughing adults and classmates became concerned. By the time health authorities had arrived a significant percentage of the student body were in hysterics. There is currently no known treatment for mass hysteria. On a lighter note, a purse thief in Dublin was apprehended when a small fragment of aerial debris struck him in mid stride just after he had ripped the purse away from an elderly pedestrian. Arriving at the scene police found the woman identified as Siobhan O'Flanerty, relentlessly pelting her assailant with loose change while shouting obscenities. The purse thief was taken to St James's Hospital where he was later discharged and taken to lock-up. California has finally begun enforcing its water restrictions, issuing a whopping 8,690 fines in its first week of enforcement. While limitations on water usage for lawns and other personal use has been under restriction since September, enforcement of the restriction began this past Monday. Fines for recreational water use can reach a maximum of $15,000 for repeat offenders. A condo developer is auctioning off the naming rights for their new building on the corner of Sherbourne and Carlton. Bids for the 55-story tower's name started at 150,000, with bids reportedly coming in that triple the initial amount. Bjork's new album, titled Himinn-Niour, will be released next Friday. The artist states the album is inspired by the "deliciously hazardous and brutal" nature of atmospheric instability, and will include collaborations with artists such as Moses Sumney and bbno$ (pronounced baby no money) The vaccine for Lyme disease is once again available in Ontario pharmacies, after a slow ramp up of Canadian production had created a temporary shortage. Most pharmacies had appointments booked for all available vaccines within hours of opening up registration, following two seasons of incredibly high tick activity in the province. Anyone interested in booking a vaccine should contact their local pharmacy for more information about when their shipments will become available. The Government of Canada has officially released a statement announcing that the Canadian Pension Plan no longer has any stakes invested in the production or distribution of any AI companies or manufacturing products, including Novorim. The announcement comes after their phones had reportedly been flooded with calls for months from concerned citizens fearing their pensions might get caught up in the predicted AI bubble burst. No other portfolio changes were announced during the statement. Award winning, New York based immersive theatre company PunchDrunk premieres their newest work, "Drive your Plow over the bones of the dead" next month. The play, an adaptation of Nobel Prize-winning author Olga Tokarczuk's book of the same name, takes place on a 12 acres estate 80 minutes North of New York City that has been transformed into a replica of the Polish countryside. Tickets are already sold out for the current run, but started at $432+taxes. Mirvish has announced they will no longer be including Showboat in their 2027/2028 season after continued community outrage since their seadon announcement last February. The class action lawsuit against AI security company Flock begins tomorrow. If the claimants win, The lawsuit is set to be one of the largest class action suits in American history, surpassing the payouts of both BP's payout after the Gulf of Mexico spill, and Big Tabacco's loss in 1998. The Australian Government has announced they will officially be returning governmental authority of the island state of Tasmania back to its original Indigenous caretakers, a people that today identify as the Palawa or Panaka. This is the latest in a string of court-mandated ceedings of territorial control in the country, and is the largest land transfer in the country to date. Gwenyth Paltrow sells Goop for $200 million and steps down as CEO of the company she founded in 2008. Paltrow explained that she is moving to Alaska, and will be using the $ from the sale of her stake in the company in order to build a self-sufficient underground bunker, citing the Apple TV series 'Silo,' as her primary inspiration. The International Olympic Committee announces that a new sport will be eligible at the 2032 Summer Olympics in Brisbane. Fans of shows like American Ninja Warrior and Wipeout will be thrilled to learn that parkour will have two Olympic events: Speed Run and Style Run. Dolly Parton cuts the ribbon at the grand opening of the Dollywood Lending Library, a new addition to the country music star's theme park in Pigeon Forge, Tennessee. Parton, 81, has been a champion of children's literacy through her Imagination Library, and now wants to encourage reading as fun for the whole family. Guests enter via a waterslide and are blasted with full-body Dyson air dryers in order to protect the books from water damage. Curatorial staff at the Acropolis Museum in Athens were greeted with a surprise this morning as they arrived at work to find almost 5 tonnes of historic marble statue in front of the entrance. The statues have been confirmed to be part of West Pediment, illustrating the Battle of Poseidon and Athena. These fragments had been housed in the British Museum for over 150 years, but had gone missing in June, in one of the most baffling archeological heists of the modern age. While the thieves of these statues are still unknown to Interpol, Greeks around the world are celebrating the return of their artifacts after decades of requests for repatriation, denied by the British Museum. Debates continue within the UN Security Council as to whether a country representative for the Latin American and Caribbean States and African States groups will be granted permanent member status within the council. The deliberation was sparked by UN Secretary General Terence Munoz, after he threatened resignation if the current permanent nations did not consider the council expansion. Currently, the permanent council member nations include the United States, China, Russia, France and the United Kingdom. These states have veto power over any and all motions that move through the council, creating a significant global power. Critics argue that an overrepresentation of Western powers maintains imperial legacies. In a statement to the press, Munoz confirmed he was "ready to see the UN move past these historical inequities." Voting on the motion is set to occur later next week. Site development for a mine in Moosonee, part of the "Ring of Fire" was halted last week after a polar bear attempted to attack the vehicles of site surveyors. While no one was injured in the interactions, the bear caused significant damage to the outside of the surveyors vehicles, and no staff was willing to exit and complete their surveys. While seeing polar bears in the Southernmost part of James Bay, Ontario is uncommon, it is not unprecedented. The Government of Ontario's website lists Moosonee as within their seasonal migratory range. Metalia Unlimited has requested a one-time permit to kill the polar bears around the mine, citing worker safety. However, the Ontario Hunting and Fishing office has denied their request and is investigating non-lethal methods to discourage polar bears from traversing near the mine site. And the votes are in: live from the British Parliament, the House of Commons has voted by a narrow 328 to 322 in favour of removing Northern Ireland from the United Kingdom, returning the territory to Ireland. The decision is bittersweet for Irish patriots, as after last month's barrage of atmospheric fragments, only approximately 35% of the Northern portion remains habitable. While the reunification of the island is something many have been dreaming of for hundreds of years, experts say the economic toll of rebuilding will be enormous. Some question whether the decision was simply a way for the United Kingdom to forgo paying remedial costs, or if the ceding of territory is part of a larger plan to bankrupt the Irish nation, creating the opportunity for greater control. While the Euro's value has held steady throughout the hours leading up to the verdict, potential supply chain issues may still lead to rapid inflation within Ireland. In Florence repairs continue on the Cathedral of Santa Maria del Fiore after a falling fragment shattered the north ceiling of the dome yesterday. This World UNESCO Heritage site, completed in 1436, is the 37th Catholic building to be damaged by aerial debris. The disproportionate number of Catholic institutions being damaged vs those of other religions has led Pope Leo XIV to post on X that this is merely an unfortunate coincidence and does in no way reflect the opinions of a higher power. To which he punned in a separate post..."or at least any higher power beyond the sky". Toy retailers are recalling Little Tikes "Babies First DJ Sets" after paint tests have come back positive for lead. If you purchased the toy set between January and September 2027, please contact your retailer for information about receiving a refund. In Japan, proposed legislation to recognize separate family names for married couples and allow parents to hyphenate children's last names has been severely criticized by Japanese Prime Minister Sanae Takaichi. Takaichi stated that the stability of the family home is the foundation of the Japanese identity and, much like the atmosphere, any decoupling could result in catastrophic fragmentation." In weather: Despite calling for cloudy conditions this evening in Santiago, Chile, everything is looking free and clear, which is exciting news for those looking to spot tonight's twin fall, the first of its kind on record. Astronomers have been tracking Bert and Ernie for the past few nights, and, if their calculations are correct, these two pieces of the atmosphere will fall within nano seconds of each other within a quarter kilometre radius in the city. Wishful thinking, or lost in translation? Service Canada agents have been inundated with requests for European Union passports since May, when Canada performed for the first time in the Eurovision Song Contest in Bulgaria. Service Canada clarifies that despite Canada's participation in the Song Contest, the country is not a member of the EU. Even if it was, the EU does not issue passports on its own, but rather leaves that responsibility to the 27 member states. Meteorologists are warning we might see snow on the ground later in the week, with an estimate of 3 cm on Thursday and 2 more on Friday. In Peru today, a series of small fragments landed in the Nazca desert creating emphatic craters around the famed Nazca lines, the atmosphere's intervention had led some scientists to wonder if atmospheric fragmentation has been the cause of another long standing unexplained phenomenon. Police ask for the public's assistance to identify suspects in the wake of the Queens Park bombing. Three suspects were caught on camera in the wake of Friday evening's bombing which affected the first floor washrooms of the building. No injuries were sustained, and an estimated $30 000 of repairs will be required to restore the washrooms and affected roof area. Japan's bear troubles continue with multiple recent attacks by Asiatic black bears in urban areas such as Ōshū and Kitakami. Experts believe that shrinking populations in rural areas have made it less intimidating for bears to come into urban spaces, and that many have now lost their fear of humans. However this story is not just about nature's Goliaths, but also it's Davids. Pickles, a pure bred white chihuahua, resides with owner Noriko just outside the urban Kitakami. Last Thursday Noriko was taking out garbage to a back alley disposal unit, when she surprised an unsuspecting black bear. As now seen by millions from released closed circuit security footage, the startled bear became aggressive preparing to attack when Pickles came to the rescue. Inserting himself between the bear and his owner; growling and barking and spinning in circles, Pickles held the bear at bay while Noriko and then Pickles escaped to safety. Though there has been some dispute among experts as to if the bear was afraid of Pickles or was simply confused, one thing is for certain... Heroes come in all sizes. Increasing accounts of botulism related to at-home canning is being reported across Canada and the United States. Largely attributed to the fresh produce shortage caused by fertilizer supply chain issues worldwide, a large number of the population has taken to attempts at in-home food preservation, with "gardening 101" and "easy canning recipes" Google searches going up by 265% and 143% respectively within the last 6 months. The CDC is currently investigating whether or not faulty information might be a possible cause of increased cases of illness, as a rise in AI cookbooks and how-to guides have flooded independent publishing sites such as Amazon. Although no official connection has been established, the CDC reminds consumers to only can in sterile, canning-safe jars with new seals, and to only can foods on their, "Safe Canning List." They caution against listening to self-proclaimed "Rebel Canners" on social media, reminding people to never can meat or dairy. Those of you looking to get spooky this month should check out the Halloween Haunt at Canada's Wonderland! The park is all decked out for the season and ready to welcome visitors looking to see some ghouls and ghosts. Don't miss the haunted corn maze, which is sure to be spooktacular! A large piece of aerial debris has blocked the main logging road in Fairy Creek, making the area inaccessible to large vehicles and inhibiting the RCMP's ability to remove protestors from the area. Advocates for protecting the old growth forest claim that the current atmospheric instability makes the protection of these ancient trees even more important, saying that the trees are so large they reduce the impact of atmospheric fragments. While the RCMP denies this claim, reporters in the area say they have not witnessed any large fallen trees, despite the large amounts of aerial debris in the area. The latest misuse case for Anthropic's Mythos has an unusual target: Ruth Bader Ginsburg. Unknown hacker(s) gained access to the unauthorized license of the AI program and used it to posthumously leak the emails of the esteemed Supreme Court judge. Journalistic investigation of the leaked emails includes scathing analysis of her fellow (all male) judges. These critiques not only brought into question their character and verdicts, but also, mostly salaciously, reports of the size and ability of certain.. More private matters. A new, highly exclusive gym has opened in Toronto at Bay and Bloor. Those who have attempted to walk in and register have reported not only being turned away but actually being completely ignored by receptionist staff, as if they were not visible. Meanwhile, many city residents have taken to social media to post images of the 7 karat gold-embossed envelopes they have received, inviting them to join the gym. According to amateur internet sleuths, there is no clear pattern as to who receives the invitations. Those who have tried to enter with the invitation are acknowledged by receptionists and told it is a $5,000 a month membership fee. As far as we know, no one has yet entered the gym, or at least, if they have, they have not posted about it. SPORTS - The Toronto Raptors have signed D'Anthoney Melton on waivers from the Golden State Warriors. With the veteran guard filling out the bench, the Raptors are optimistic that they can advance beyond the semis where they were knocked out by the now Embiid-free Philadelphia 76ers. Steven Spielberg has just announced the stars of his cinematic retelling of the literary classic, "Grapes of Wrath." The film, set to be released in 2029, stars Robert Pattinson as Tom Joad and Pedro Pascal as Jim Casey. For those who can't remember 11th grade English class, Steinbeck's novel follows the story of a working class farmer through the dust bowl, exploring themes of exploitation and American idealism. In an interview Spielberg stated he found the story "startlingly relevant" to our current age. Reports of other falling fragments have been sited from Valparaiso Chile, Cape Hope South Africa and Marrakech Morocco, all of these fragments were observed falling into the ocean, so no humans were harmed during their decent, however a substantial colony of migrating monarch butterflies were unluckily caught in the wake of the Valparaiso fragment. Gensler Architects, one of the world's largest architectural firms, has unveiled their new "Sky Safe Cities" initiative. Already lauded for their resilient cities project based in building carbon neutral living, Gensler CEO announced that Sky Safe Cities would revolutionize firmamental safety through the use of drone technology, predictive AI and large nets. The debate between the UN, the WHO and the World Bank, as to who should lead the global community in Firmamental legislation and leadership has moved into its second week of impasse. Previous UN General Secretary António Guterres has been quoted by the New York Times stating "Though no one will argue that firmamental decay is a safety, health and economic issue this is not the time for bureaucratic posturing." With the recent ceasefire in the middle east, Shoshana Bedrosian Press secretary for the Likud government has verified that the Iron Dome (Israel's missile defense system) is being recalibrated to defend against fragments of the decaying firmament. Critics have already stated concerns that the use of intercepting missiles will result in altering trajectories of fragments creating safety concerns for neighboring nations. The Netanyahu government has already commented that any adjacent collateral damage is simply an unintended consequence of Israeli security. Toronto's Bike Lawyer won a cyclist 1.2 million in a landmark suit against GardaWorld, after one of their armoured vehicles pulled into the bike lane without signalling, all while a cyclist was already within the lane. Thankfully, the cyclist, Jerry Goodshaw was a seasoned rider, and was able to jump up to the sidewalk, managing to get by with only minor scrapes from the side of the truck. The prosecution argued that without the rider's skills, the truck almost certainly would have caused a fatality, and therefore had to pay to the rider what the payout for such a tragedy would pay to a family. In a statement after the verdict, Goodshaw urged cyclists to remain vigilant and shouted out local mutual aid initiative Bike Brigade for pushing him to maintain his cycling skills. A TTC service alert: there is no train service between Ossington and St-George station, due to a person at track level. Shuttle buses are running. Three new species of frogs and one toad species were discovered in the Amazon rainforest in Brazil, bringing the discovered amphibian diversity in the rainforest up to a whopping 430 species. Canadian citizen released after being detained for weeks in Brunei on drug charges. The Canadian embassy in Thailand states that the citizen should be back in the country by Wednesday. The late artist David Lynch continues to break records with the sale of A Man and His Dog. Just weeks after I FIX MY HEAD became the highest selling work by a 21st century artist at Christie's, this week's sale has shattered the record with a whopping $178-million dollar price tag. Lynch's tidal popularity has led to real debate as to how history will understand the primary legacy of his artistic contribution. Will Lynch be remembered as a filmmaker who painted...or a painter who happened to make movies? The hit self-help book, "Marketing at the End of the World: A Guide to Selling in Our Trying Times" remains at the top of the New York Times Bestsellers list for the 9th week in a row. As of October 1st, the book has sold over 870,000 copies. The Trump administration is yet again receiving widespread criticism for sending deportees to alternative countries besides their homelands. Reports of packed commercial flights headed towards Southern Guyana, which has generally been devoid of human occupation since concurrent fallings began in the area last May. Experts say the region receives approximately one impact a week, making the area incredibly dangerous. Beyond environmental hazards, the area has been without utilities, medical resources and stable food sources for months. The deportations have been called "executions from above" and have been widely condemned as inhumane and antidemocratic. Misty the golden retriever/husky mix has made news by taking herself to doggie daycare Friday morning. Misty's owner had kept her home this past Friday because she had a vet appointment later in the day. Misty however, had other plans. The seven-year old Saskatoon native decided to take matters into her own paws when things did not go according to her usual weekly schedule by digging herself out and under her backyard fence and setting herself free. Thankfully, it's only about a 10-minute walk to Fifi's Day and Play, so once at her destination, Misty's owner was called, and she was safely returned. Recent investigation by independent journalists has uncovered that multiple popular brands of e-bikes including, CityRide, DCBike and Cloverdale have begun including tracking sensors within the bikes frames, without any indication or opt-out option for consumers. The investigation has tied the collected data to multiple third-party data collection and sale platforms, indicating that the e-bike companies likely are profiting off the data. CityRide refused to comment, and Cloverdale released a statement saying that, quote, "We are currently conducting an internal investigation, to see if there is a potential leak in data from our facility. Cloverdale does collect data from its riders, but only for the purpose of functionality and repair work. This data is anonymized, and holds no identifying factors that could connect the data to the individual e-bike holder. While we at Cloverdale are concerned at the possibility that this data may have made it outside our organization, rest assured, all collected data is anonymized thoroughly, through our own randomizing software." In response to the burden of increased infrastructural repair costs that Canadians are facing during this period of atmospheric fragmentation, Prime Minister Carney has announced a one time "fragment rehabilitation" credit. The credit, which ranges from $340 to $612, depending on household size, is available to all Canadians, regardless of property ownership. Tourists are flocking to Cape Bonavista Lighthouse in Newfoundland and Labrador after a wildlife photographer captured a photo of an incredibly rare albino puffin, which has been nesting at the historic site. The bird, estimated to be just over a year old, is one of 8 documented cases of albinism in the puffin species. Toronto is officially the first Canadian location for the popular seltzer cafe chain, Bublitz. The shop, which specializes in a wide range of unique botanical flavours of the sugar free sparkling beverage, opened its first location in Los Angeles in June, and quickly found virality for its "Wild bergamot and vanilla espresso martini" flavoured seltzer. The Toronto location is set to open in early November, at the corner of Shaw and Queen. Arrests were made in both Seattle and Victoria after local authorities in both cities collaborated to take down an exotic plant poaching ring. The group was known to smuggle plants from the forests of countries such as Vietnam and Thailand and sell them to house plant connoisseurs at premium prices. During a raid of their facilities, police found enough plants to bring in an estimated 1.3 million in illegal plant markets. Paleontologists worldwide are abuzz after a perfectly preserved bison carcass was discovered in a bog in Wood Buffalo National Park (AB). Preliminary DNA analysis has dated the animal as almost 12,000 years old, making it one of the oldest recorded specimens of wild bison in the world. Moreover, the low oxygen conditions allow for complex testing from the creatures hair, which might offer new insight into how the creatures that once covered the prairies might have lived. British Columbia has voted to pass a radical new bill that places the cost of repair from aerial debris on the most wealthy. The province will add an additional 3% tax increase on all income over $400,850, with all tax revenue generated to be used to repair damage at aerial debris impact sites in the province. Solid-state batteries to overtake conventional lithium-ion batteries by 2035. Battery facilities in Shanghai have made a breakthrough in research and development of the next phase of batteries, which could allow cell phones to stay alive for multiple days and electric vehicles to drive up to a thousand kilometres between charges. Due to strict battery regulations in China, testing will continue through 2028, with mass-production possibly beginning as early as 2032. Neckties are the new hot accessory in public high schools across Ontario, confusing their peers required to wear ties for their school uniform. Students express that they feel more prepared to learn when they wear a tie. One teacher says that the trend may even have a placebo effect, as grades for tie-wearing students have improved significantly. 1 dead and 2 injured in a crash on Highway 401 in Scarborough yesterday night. The crash happened in the westbound express lanes near Kennedy Road shortly after 10:30pm. Police say a 75-year-old man from Windsor was pronounced dead at the scene, and two people were taken to hospital with non-life-threatening injuries. Parts of Highway 401 west were closed for several hours after the incident but have since reopened. Anyone who witnessed the collision is being asked to contact investigators. A 16-year old has been arrested in connection with the recent acts of graffiti that have been occurring at Bloor-Yonge station. Over the past three weeks, ads promoting a new proposed nuclear facility in Pickering have been consistently vandalized by a masked graffiti artist, whose identity had befuddled TPD until they were caught in the act late Thursday evening. The identity of the accused has not been released, due to their age, however police were pleased to report the reduction in vandalism at the station. It's finally here, the long anticipated musical reimagining of Albert Camus' Myth of Sisyphus is set to open in London's West End. Part durational feat of strength, part contemporary songbook, this genre-blurring performance / art mega-musical from the collaborating minds of Lin-Manuel Miranda and Marina Abramovic is sure to spice up the fall season of the London stage. In Sarnia, Ontario regional police officers have been brought up on charges of corruption for masterminding an international cheese smuggling consortium. Allegations detail officers using their influence to traffic large quantities of mozzarella over the border into Canada where it was sold wholesale to various independent pizzerias. Though novel in their approach, these crooked cops are not wholly original, being the second police cheese smuggling ring to be broken up by provincial investigators over the last two decades. A cul-de-sac in Shelburne, Vermont has been reduced to rubble after a piece of aerial debris made impact late last night. The street, which contained 12 luxury mansions, was thankfully unoccupied, as all residents were on extended vacations both locally and abroad. The Collingwood Cougar is back in the news. The large cat was sighted by several startled morning joggers recently only a week after it terrorized a group of young men on a fishing retreat outside Blue Mountain. Authorities urge anyone who sees the cat to take precautions and alert animal control. Renewed efforts to restore the structural stability of Stonehenge begin in Wiltshire, England today. The world heritage site dates back to 3100 BC, and has been structurally unsound since an atmospheric fragment made impact in a nearby pasture last month. Archeologists hope they can strengthen the ancient site to ensure it remains standing for another hundred years. Norway is set to become the first country to implement Universal Basic Income to all citizens after a historic motion passed 126-122 last Wednesday. Starting January 2028, all Norwegian citizens will receive a monthly stipend of $800 euros a month, regardless of income, to aid in covering basic expenses. Waste removal employees in Toronto are set to strike next Monday. The membership of the union CUPE Local 79 voted 98% in favour of collective action after weeks of unproductive discussions with their employer. Unless negotiators can come to a conclusion, it looks like we all might be down in the dumps for a little while. The Canadian government is set to vote on a new bill that would dismantle Canada Post next Thursday. The bill, brought to parliament by MP Anthony Housefather, would relinquish all mail and parcel services to private enterprise. The bill follows a reported 2.3 billion dollar loss by the federal mail service in 2026, with the loss for this year projected to exceed the previous loss. New data from Statistics Canada shows a continued decrease in the national crime rate. Following 2025's historic 16% drop in homicides, along with an overall decrease in both violent and nonviolent crime, this past year's 7% drop in homicides may seem like a bit of a let down. However, this is still a decrease in the amount of lives lost, and is an assuring change of direction from 2023's 30-year high. Canada has announced it will not be following suit of other countries that have created a new asylum category for refugees fleeing areas impacted by atmospheric fragmentation. Thus far, Sweden, Iceland, Denmark, the Netherlands and Australia have all created pathways to accept additional refugee claimants, with many imagining Canada to be the next country to follow suit, given its vast area and relatively low frequency of impacts. However, Prime Minister Carney stated in a press release this morning that while the country "regretted not being able to welcome fragmentation refugees with open arms, the nation had to prioritize its own stability in this tumultuous time" In Thailand 27 people (most of whom were children) have been hospitalized after swimming in an e.coli contaminated splash pad at the Ramayana Water Park. Though none of the swimmers have exhibited any serious symptoms, advocacy groups like the American Pool and Hot Tub Alliance have decried this as a smoking gun defining the urgent need for international guidelines and collaboration around pool and water park safety and standardization. K-Pop boy band BTS announce collaboration with Pringles, with a signature flavour and a limited amount of singing cans. One out of every one hundred cans will sing upon opening. Grocery stores have been advised to place limits on customers, but no major chains have come forward about imposing any purchase limits. The University of Toronto Sessional Instructors and Teaching Assistants move into their second month of strike, further disrupting Fall classes. Collective bargaining between the unit and the university broke down in the summer and both sides are reported as being some distance from returning to the bargaining table. CUPE 3902 president Marianna Reis stated that there "will be no return to work until the vital contributions of part-time faculty and teaching assistants are recognized with wages and benefits that meet the standards of urban life." The Provost's office for the university has declined to comment. The SIU is investigating two officers in Haileybury, northern Ontario, after a suspect was killed during a car chase. The chase, which occurred around 3:15 AM last night, began after the suspect's vehicle did not stop for a randomized check-point. Officers began pursuit, eventually reaching speeds above 150 km/hour. The chase ended when the suspect lost control of their vehicle, swerving into a lamp post. Haileybury Police Officers have reported they found no criminal activity associated with the driver, besides missing the late night check point. A government investigation has found that MailConnext, a private company that offers AI mail observation to prisons, has been using prisoner correspondence to train their AI models, without correspondent consent. Canada has had a service agreement with the company since June, and has reported a 12% decrease in mail sorting times since partnering with MailConnext. As opposed to reading through all mail that enters the prison, correctional officers currently take photos of prisoners' mail, and scan it through the MailConnext app, to ensure it did not violate the prison's mail policies. Correctional Services Canada said in a press statement that while prisoners and their loved ones must consent to having their mail screened by MailConnext, the consent form originally stated that the data from the mail was not stored within the software. Correctional Services Canada has not yet confirmed whether they will end their partnership with MailConnext. A24 has announced that all child characters in their newly announced horror film, tentatively titled, "Skin of Your Teeth" will be CGI. While most of the details around the movie are still ambiguous, the film production company has stated the movie will be too horrific to ethically cast real child actors. While some critics speculate that the decision will make it impossible to take the movie seriously, some applaud the decision as a step towards reducing child exploitation within the film industry. The Winnipeg District School Board has announced layoffs for 376 education assistant positions, most of whom worked with Kindergarten-aged students. Both the city's teachers' union and local parental groups are criticizing the decision, saying that the staffing shortages caused by the layoffs will likely end diagnostic programming in early elementary education. They say this would reduce the wellbeing of disabled students, as well as make it more difficult for educators to notice signs of neglect or abuse. A collective of private funders has come together to combat Ford's OSAP cuts. TD, RBC, CIBC, and BMO have created the Ontario Post Secondary Funders Association (OPSFA) as a reaction to student discontent over the Ford government's OSAP cuts. When asked for comment, a TD spokesperson replied, "We are committed to supporting the next generation of Canadian visionaries, whether it's through larger grants to institutions or supporting students directly. Joining OPFSA was a natural step in our commitment to investing in Ontario's future." While many students rejoice to learn that they will not be inevitably saddled with major debt, critics worry that this increased involvement of banking institutions with the livelihood of the general Canadian public will continue to shift the balance of political power towards the wills of these economic powerhouses. Mayor Brad Bradford vows to increase policing in university areas to curb "ideologically-driven" crime, arguing campuses are "ground zero for anti social extremism". In a recent X post, Bradford wrote, "Our Post Secondary Institutions have strayed from preparing our students for participation in our society, to leading them to instead believe they need to burn it down to start a new one". There is no evidence that the suspects are University of Toronto students or affiliated with any other post secondary institution in Toronto. Toronto: the Good gone Bad? Residents are flocking north in the wake of the Queens Park bombing as Toronto sees properties flooding the market in neighbourhoods like the Annex, Rosedale and Forrest Hill. Communities in the Toronto-Barrie corridor raise concerns about development, housing costs as demand grows for properties in the area. Stalwart Toronto residents allow themselves tentative hope for rent reduction in the wake of this mass exodus. The first annual TD Toronto Festival of Toronto Film (TFsquared) finds its home at the Beaches' Fox Theatre. "It's exciting to showcase this imperfect and challenging city at this historic venue", commented Moss Abu Bakr, the festival's founder. The festival will include a 24-hour film challenge that awards $1000 for the audience favourite Toronto-centred short film produced within the timeframe. The festival runs November 7th-November 9th 2027. Protests ramp up Ontarian's access barrier awareness. Organized by the Toronto Disability Pride Collective, daily protests have been popping up in front of Toronto establishments lacking a ramp or main floor washroom. Businesses, frustrated with the blocked sidewalks in front of their establishments, have appealed to the City for funding to help remedy access issues. Landmark case rules "special treatment" given to LGBTQ+ individuals discriminatory. Resolved earlier this week in the Supreme Court, the case of Bondille vs TSMOOTHIE has awarded Marina Bondille $5000 in damages to be paid by TSMOOTHIE, a LGBTQ+-centric smoothie shop and art space that "exists to provide trans people with a meaningful and flexible way to support their livelihoods". Bondille contended she was charged double for her smoothie compared to the person in front of her, who she perceived as a member of the LGBTQ+ community. While Bondille did pay the advertised price, the Supreme Court has ruled against identity-based discount policies and has found TSMOOTHIE at fault. Critics are keen to see if this ban will extend to industry-specific reciprocal agreements and veterans discounts. The Ghana Space Science and Technology Institute (GSSTI) announces Pan African Moon Settlement by 2035. The GSSTI has publicly unveiled its plans for a modular moon settlement, including its planned collaborations with the space programs of Nigeria, Ethiopia, Algeria, and Kenya. The participating nations will each provide researchers for the settlement and construct elements of the moon habitat. The White House has raised concerns about the potential of Chinese, Russian, and Saudi funding behind the project, citing American national security risks should the settlement be established. The GSSTI denies these claims. Kronosure has been charged with selling minors' likenesses. The computers of the Toronto-based start up were seized this Tuesday following an anonymous tip that the company stored the images taken for age verification for access through an un-advertized subscription. In turn this subscription allowed the stored images to be incorporated into AI generated videos. Meta denies any knowledge of this service, and has vowed to restructure its subsidiary. Parents argue it's "not enough". A list of subscribers has been subpoenaed from Kronosure. The European Union recommends against the buying of coltan on the European continent, begins talks with members to ban its sale. In response to the week of violent protests targeting corporations like Apple and Microsoft following the October 2nd Kinshasa mine collapse that claimed the life of 17 miners, 7 of them under the age of 18, the European Union has recommended against the buying of coltan by European technology corporations. Across the week of protests, 300 people have been arrested, most non-European citizens. In an attempt to calm the public and, according to experts, curb extradition costs, the EU has promised to support a DRC-centralized coltan market to reduce the exploitation of Congolese coltan miners who are not adequately compensated for their dangerous labour by middleman buyers. Six people are injured, three people in critical condition following a boating accident off the coast of the Galapagos islands. The mid-size charter vessel was taking tourists around the South American archipelago when there was a mechanical issue resulting in a crash. Two Canadians were on board, but were not injured during the crash. Hamilton residents occupy data centre building site. On the evening of October 2nd, five Hamilton residents established a protest camp on the proposed site of the green-lit Hamilton Data Centre. Ashley Munekian, the groups' media liaison commented, "The release of the water used for data centre cooling back into Lake Ontario will increase the water temperature and therefore toxic blue-green algae blooms, increasing the toxicity of the lake for swimmers and wildlife who call Lake Ontario home. It is our duty to protect these waters from short sightedness for the next seven generations of human and non human residents". Police have served the group a notice for trespassing and an order to vacate the site within 48 hours. Munekian reports the group has no intention of leaving the site. Netflix announces a new addition to the streaming platform: Netflix original vertical dramas. Vertical dramas have been increasing in popularity online, and the major streamer is the first to integrate the new media form into the mainstream. Releasing early next year, here are some of the first titles we know about: "The Bodyguard I Shouldn't Fall For," "Getting Revenge on the Playboy," "My Fiancé Doesn't Know I'm Royalty," and "Onyx Pack: Betrayal of the Alpha Wolf." A stray cat has stolen the hearts of tourists in Wellington, New Zealand after repeatedly riding the cable car through the country's capital. The cat was nicknamed Bilbo by cable car staff for his habit of going "there and back again," much like the protagonist of Tolkien's 'The Hobbit.' Bilbo is very friendly to passengers, often hopping into their laps or onto their shoulders uninvited. Animal experts say it is unlikely he is a feral cat because of his comfortability with humans, but despite a citywide campaign, no previous owners of the cat could be located. Wherever Bilbo came from, he is spreading joy to everyone who rides the rails with him. Get ready for World Space Week, blasting off on October 5th. For Torontonians looking for observatories in their orbit, the Royal Astronomical Society will be hosting several events throughout the week at the David Dunlap Observatory - and not just at night! The Observatory is inviting the public to Sunday Sungazing to close out Space Week on October 10th. Scientists at JAXA, the Japan Aerospace Exploration Agency, will soon begin a study on creating a human outpost on the moon. This follows NASA's plans unveiled in 2026 to build the Moon Base, which would be located permanently at the moon's south pole. The Japanese space agency has no confirmed plans to build an outpost at this time. However, JAXA President Hiroshi Yamakawa expressed his commitment to Japan's involvement in lunar exploration, saying that this study is the natural progression of JAXA's current lunar technology research missions. The Ministry of Health in Russia has quietly begun subsidizing conversion therapy across the country. This decision follows Putin's order to Health Minister Mikhail Murashko to initiate research of LGBTQ+ social behaviours in the state-run Serbsky Psychiatric Center. The head of the center, Zurab Kekelidze, has openly stated his belief that homosexuality is a mental disorder, and therefore treatable with corrective therapeutic programming. Families can now send their children to conversion therapy programs for no cost, as it's now considered to be a part of standard health care. An earnest act of friendship or a subtle political critique? Controversy surrounds Thai Prime Minister Anutin Charnvirakul after his recent serenade of American vice president JD Vance. When, during a formal luncheon, the Prime Minister broken into an impromptu acapella cover of the Beatles' "Let It Be". Though Charnvirakul's musical prowess is well-known, having sang for a number of world leaders and even serving as saxophone accompaniment for Malaysian Prime Minister Anwar Ibrahim's performance of Frank Sinatra's My Way, in this case, Charnvirakul's choice of material, when the United States is actively threatening ambitions in both South America and Greenland, has led some to wonder if the Prime Minister was trying to use art to deliver a message. The Waterloo Catholic School Board has recently added Eric Carle's The Very Hungry Caterpillar to their list of restricted books, citing that the story "promotes the deadly sin of gluttony." This 1969 children's classic is one of many popular titles on a new list dictating which books must be removed from Waterloo Catholic school libraries by the end of the school year. Following their controversial restrictions on LGBTQ+ books in 2023, the board has seemingly doubled down and continued their censorship of materials that don't directly align with their curriculum of Catholic values. A number of school librarians in the board, as well as in the Waterloo Region District School Board, have teamed up with the Ontario Library Association to push back against these decisions. They have publicly demanded that the senior administration of the Waterloo Catholic School Board repeal their decisions and adopt new policies to ensure students' rights to intellectual freedom are prioritized above religious doctrine. Breaking- Richard Nixon's missing skeleton has been located beneath a slab at the pentagon. During a routine safety check, inspectors found their devices reacting to a unique heat signature that appeared to be emanating from beneath a marble tile in the east wing of the pentagon. After a battery of tests and thermal imaging, the tile was carefully removed and excavators were dumbfounded to find the skeletal remains of former president Richard Nixon. There's little information on when the skeleton relocated from Yorba Linda, the former site of the Nixon Presidential Museum, or in fact who relocated it. Continuing the pattern of excavations, the skeletons of some seventy five former US heads of state have been relocated. Every skeleton is missing its left distal phalanges, implying that the remains have been through a process before being reinterred. Researchers at Columbia University have shared new findings about the long-term side effects of weight loss medications such as Ozempic and Wegovy. The risks of gastrointestinal issues have been widely recognized for years now, but there has been a recent surge in reports of colon polyps - some of them cancerous - related to long-term use of GLP-1 medications. Doctors across North America have shared their concerns following two fatal cases that have ruled GLP-1 medication-induced colon cancer as the cause of death. The public relations and media departments at Ozempic and Wegovy, respectively, have yet to release statements on the situation. Roblox, a popular online game platform, has recently announced a new AI chat feature specifically targeted towards their non age-checked users. "Robby" is an AI chatbot designed to converse with children on the platform and provide simulated friendships. The chatbot can help children with game strategy, support in everyday decision-making, and talk through emotional struggles. In a press release, the lead developers stated that the feature "is as safe and developmentally beneficial as a friend your child could make at school, if not more so. Robby is a result of years of rigorous testing and collaboration with a board of child psychologists, AI experts, educators, and parents." After launching their AI chat summary feature last year, which allowed non age-checked users to read filtered summaries of chat conversations, the platform has decided to take a bigger leap in the wake of the "child loneliness epidemic." Parents of children on Roblox are divided on the topic, and many have taken to social media to share their thoughts. In a Facebook group titled, "Parents of Roblox Kids: Support Group," one parent shared: "My twelve year-old son has struggled with social interactions due to starting school during COVID lockdown. He's never made a real-life friend that he can sustain a relationship with. I don't know what else to do. I was hesitant at first, but Robby has been a life-saver. It's a sad reality, but I'm just relieved to see my kid finally building a connection." Other parents have protested the new feature, deleting their children's accounts en masse. Another member of the Facebook group shared: "This is where I draw the line. I've deleted my 7 year-old daughter's account and am never looking back. How are we supposed to encourage our kids to be real, active citizens in this world when even basic human connection is automated by environment-destroying robots??"