In weather: Despite calling for cloudy conditions this evening in Santiago, Chile,
everything is looking free and clear, which is exciting news for those looking to spot
tonight’s twin fall, the first of its kind on record. Astronomers have been tracking Bert
and Ernie for the past few nights, and, if their calculations are correct, these two pieces
of the atmosphere will fall within nano seconds of each other within a quarter kilometre
radius in the city.
#####
Wishful thinking, or lost in translation? Service Canada agents have been inundated
with requests for European Union passports since May, when Canada performed for the
first time in the Eurovision Song Contest in Bulgaria. Service Canada clarifies that
despite Canada’s participation in the Song Contest, the country is not a member of the
EU. Even if it was, the EU does not issue passports on its own, but rather leaves that
responsibility to the 27 member states.
#####
In Peru today, a series of small fragments landed in the Nazca desert creating emphatic
craters around the famed Nazca lines, the atmosphere’s intervention had led some
scientists to wonder if atmospheric fragmentation has been the cause of another long
standing unexplained phenomenon.
#####
Increasing accounts of botulism related to at-home canning is being reported across
Canada and the United States. Largely attributed to the fresh produce shortage caused
by fertilizer supply chain issues worldwide, a large number of the population has taken
to attempts at in-home food preservation, with “gardening 101" and “easy canning
recipes” Google searches going up by 265% and 143% respectively within the last 6
months. The CDC is currently investigating whether or not faulty information might be a
possible cause of increased cases of illness, as a rise in AI cookbooks and how-to
guides have flooded independent publishing sites such as Amazon. Although no official
connection has been established, the CDC reminds consumers to only can in sterile,
canning-safe jars with new seals, and to only can foods on their, “Safe Canning List.”
They caution against listening to self-proclaimed “Rebel Canners” on social media,
reminding people to never can meat or dairy.
#####