Dolly Parton cuts the ribbon at the grand opening of the Dollywood Lending Library, a
new addition to the country music star’s theme park in Pigeon Forge, Tennessee.
Parton, 81, has been a champion of children’s literacy through her Imagination Library,
and now wants to encourage reading as fun for the whole family. Guests enter via a
waterslide and are blasted with full-body Dyson air dryers in order to protect the books
from water damage.
#####
And the votes are in: live from the British Parliament, the House of Commons has voted
by a narrow 328 to 322 in favour of removing Northern Ireland from the United Kingdom,
returning the territory to Ireland. The decision is bittersweet for Irish patriots, as after last
month's barrage of atmospheric fragments, only approximately 35% of the Northern
portion remains habitable. While the reunification of the island is something many have
been dreaming of for hundreds of years, experts say the economic toll of rebuilding will
be enormous. Some question whether the decision was simply a way for the United
Kingdom to forgo paying remedial costs, or if the ceding of territory is part of a larger
plan to bankrupt the Irish nation, creating the opportunity for greater control. While the
Euro’s value has held steady throughout the hours leading up to the verdict, potential
supply chain issues may still lead to rapid inflation within Ireland. In their first statement
since the verdict, Irish officials seem optimistic, stating they have already expanded
their so-called “tax haven” laws for tech corporations and AI developers, in hopes of
rapidly increasing GDP for the nation.
#####
In Florence repairs continue on the Cathedral of Santa Maria del Fiore after a falling
fragment shattered the north ceiling of the dome yesterday. This World UNESCO
Heritage site, completed in 1436, is the 37th Catholic building to be damaged by aerial
debris. The disproportionate number of Catholic institutions being damaged vs those of
other religions has led Pope Leo XIV to post on X that this is merely an unfortunate
coincidence and does in no way reflect the opinions of a higher power. To which he
punned in a separate post…”or at least any higher power beyond the sky”.
#####
The International Olympic Committee announces that a new sport will be eligible at the
2032 Summer Olympics in Brisbane. Fans of shows like American Ninja Warrior and
Wipeout will be thrilled to learn that Parkour will have two Olympic events: Speed Run
and Style Run.
#####