Massachusetts saw its first verdict under the new set of laws governing family vlogging
and kidfluencers online. Amanda Bairdy, a 19 year-old ex-kidfluencer, began a lawsuit
against her parents last March, after the implementation of the new guidelines passed
earlier that month. Bairdy claimed withheld financial assets, emotional duress and a lack
of consent for her participation in content on the Bairdy Bird channel, which began when
she was only 28 weeks old. The Bairdys continued to post vlogs and other content
throughout her upbringing, from life updates and advice, to prank videos. The court
ruled in Amanda’s favour, citing an overwhelming amount of video evidence in which
she dissented to being filmed by her parents over the years. Law experts claim this
case indicates we may be seeing far more family vlogger-based lawsuits in the near
future.
#####
Canadian Health Minister Marjorie Michel is pushing for homelessness to be
categorized as a mental illness in the next edition of the DSM. Michel argues that being
unhoused completely matches the definition of mental disorder, which is currently
described by the World Health Organization as "significant disturbance in an individual’s
cognition, emotional regulation, or behaviour.” Both housing and mental health
advocates decry this suggestion, calling it a blatant denial of the structural causes of
houselessness. They also say that defining houselessness as an illness could set the
precedent for other significant decisions to be enacted, such as the option to participate
in MAID, if one is without a home.
#####
New Zealand has passed a referendum 56 to 54, banning the advertising of
pharmaceuticals to the public. This decision means the United States is the only nation
to allow unfettered drug advertising, although critics argue that the supposed restrictions
to Canadian drug advertising are not nearly strong enough.
#####
Danielle Smith has confirmed that, despite potential concern about Charter violations,
Alberta will have its separatist vote next Thursday. Polls are saying Albertan opinions
are almost tied, though consistently still favour staying in the Canadian federation. Many
believe this is due to fears of increased pressure to become an American state if Alberta
was to separate. Smith has continually affirmed that this would not be a possibility,
should the separation referendum pass.
#####
The protest against the refusal of the Quebec Superior Court to overturn their
government's ban on religious symbols reaches its fourth day. Protestors held joint