The Hamilton Airport has officially closed today. With Porter and Air Transat both
hanging up their wings, and Air Canada’s reduced service, Hamilton became the latest
regional airport to no longer be able to justify its existence. Government back-to-work
programs have already begun re-training airport staff for the massive rail infrastructure
commitments expected in the upcoming annual budget.
#####
The Canadian government is announcing a temporary pause to all Freedom of
Information Claims from both journalistic and civilian organizations. When questioned
on the decision, press secretary Rachel Bendayan stated that their office could not
respond to the volume of claims, given the current atmospheric crisis. When a journalist
mentioned the possible infringement on the Canadian Charter of Rights and Freedoms,
Secretary Bendayan reminded the press that the invocation of the Emergencies Act,
which occurred last December, has not yet been lifted by the government, thereby
allowing this restriction of transparency. Civil Rights organizations across the country
have promised to sue on behalf of citizens, although experts state that under the
Emergencies Act, there is little chance of victory.
#####
Continued investigations into the disruption to Pope Leo XIV’s Golden Jubilee last
month reveal that the robot dogs released during the event were all run under a
single-origin software, called Ubisan. Ubisan is an open source software created
collectively online by AI enthusiasts, and is available for free to anyone who has the
skills to use it. Given this software ambiguity, it is unlikely investigators will be able to
use the program's digital footprint to discover who initiated the attack. Interpol has
stated it is working with cutting-edge tech experts to apprehend the culprit, and are
confident that their team will be able to bring them to justice.
#####
Development of a new luxury condo complex in Bucerias, Mexico (just outside of Puerto
Vallarta) has been halted after a series of destructive acts of vandalism. These acts are
speculated to be caused by local cartels, though no one has come forward to claim the
attacks. Since development by real estate company Padre del Casa began in 2014,
property values in the area have tripled, while many residents still struggle to pay for
groceries. The rapid inflation has been attributed to PDC’s exponential growth in the
area, which may be creating tensions between locals and tourists.
#####