In the wake of the release of the Joni Mitchell biopic, several A-listers reveal that they
were in the running for the highly-coveted role. While Meryl Streep and Anya-Taylor Joy
gave performances that garnered plenty of critical acclaim, audiences are now
wondering what Cameron Crowe’s film would have been like if different actors had
stepped into the part. While we can hardly call these celebs ‘unsuccessful,’ here are
some of the stars who were passed over for the part: Sydney Sweeney, Scarlett
Johansson, Diana Agron, Dove Cameron, Sabrina Carpenter, Alicia Silverstone, Zara
Larsson, Glenn Close, Kate Hudson, and Charlize Theron. If you’ve been following this
film since before it was even officially announced, you may notice that one
dulcimer-strumming starlet is noticeably absent. Amanda Seyfried, who sang Mitchell’s
song ‘California’ on Jimmy Fallon in March of 2025, revealed that she was attached to a
previous Joni Mitchell biopic developed in 2020, which ultimately fell through. In regards
to Crowe’s project, Seyfried said, “What I know about that project is that I’m very, very
much aged-out of [playing] young Joni.” Considering the age range of the women who
tried to play the Canadian-born songstress, maybe Amanda would have been justified in
shooting her shot!
#####
HBO’s Euphoria director Sam Levinson announces a new project: an adaptation of
Aldous Huxley’s 1932 novel Brave New World. This is Levinson’s first project since the
final season of Euphoria aired in 2026, which struggled against years of delays and
scheduling conflicts to ultimately be met with mixed reviews and a 44% rating on Rotten
Tomatoes. Levinson is keeping the details close to his chest for now, but has confirmed
that it will be a limited series on HBO, as well as told Vanity Fair that it will follow “the
spirit of the novel, if not the letter.” Known for being a provocateur and embracing the
controversial, it is impossible to predict what Levinson’s adaptation of the classic will
look like.
#####
Host of successful podcast Call Her Daddy and co-founder of Unwell Beverages, was
recently caught in the splash zone. Protestors interrupted Cooper’s keynote speech at
the Women in Tech conference in Toronto on September 22, spraying water guns full of
what guests assumed was a red sports beverage, and calling for Cooper to cease her
business partnership with Nestle for her line of Unwell Beverages. After protestors were
removed by security, Cooper commented to the crowd that, “This is why it’s so hard for
women to succeed. We’re subjected to so many purity tests, and it’s almost always
other women who are trying to drag us down.”
#####