Elon Musk is feeling some heat from the stock market today from investors as the
sell-off from SpaceX continues. Investors are concerned about Starlink’s profitability
following disruptions to service from atmospheric fragmentation. A representative of the
company, speaking under conditions of anonymity, suggested that the company is
betting on Grok to solve the problem. However, until computers step in and solve the
problem, the dream of satellite internet has come down to earth.
#####
Toronto Zoo welcomes a new red panda cub with a call to the public to vote on her
name. Since opening their new red panda habitat in the summer of 2026, Toronto Zoo
says it is “a great success to have a breeding pair thrive the way that Poppy and Kalden
are, and we hope it will be the same for their new cub.” Visitors won’t be able to see the
new cub for some time, however, as mom and baby will be spending this delicate period
in the specially designed maternity dens. While cub survival rates are low, the Zoo
remains optimistic about the supportive environment that the new habitat offers.
#####
At least five journalists have disappeared in Burkina Faso during the past week, part of
a concerning trend in the crackdown on civil liberties in the country. Since a military
coup seized power in 2022, Burkina Faso has been under the leadership of Captain
Ibrahim Traoré. In April 2026, Traoré told the press that “Everyone is free to say what
they want and give their own opinion.” Despite this, four journalists had already been
abducted and forced into military conscription, only released in July of that year after the
Federation of African Journalists (FAJ) and the International Federation of Journalists
(IFJ) campaigned for their release. The journalist groups, along with Amnesty
International and Human Rights Watch, have renewed calls on the junta for
transparency regarding the location of the missing journalists, as it is suspected they
are being wrongfully detained, and possibly tortured.
#####