Drop shipping company Alibaba is in hot water after a piece of aerial debris crashed into
one of their factories in Hangzhou, causing the collapse of the west side of the building
and revealed the internal workings of the facility. Within the manufacturing facility, large
amounts of CFCs and lead paint were being used to manufacture value novelty
electronics, such as cosmetic mini fridges and decorative cat fountains. Experts are
saying the building collapse, along with heavy winds, likely created the ideal conditions
for these contaminants to spread throughout the city. Residents within a 20-block radius
of the factory were urged to stay indoors with their windows closed. At least 6 workers
were killed in the collapse, with the final casualty count still to be determined.
#####
The Gardiner Expressway is set to reopen tomorrow morning, after three weeks of
repairs, due to aerial debris. Commutters should still expect delays as some portions of
the expressway have reduced lanes, due to continuing repairs, but it will once again be
possible to drive though. For us TTC commuters, hopefully this will also mean some
extra room on those subway cars.
#####
The band “30 Seconds To Mars” has announced they are cancelling their 2027 tour, as
well as all future performances indefinitely. In a recent press release the group stated
that these cancellations are due to quote” the American Government’s refusal to
acknowledge that atmospheric fragmentation is caused by the New World Order, in
collaboration with aliens” unquote. The band states it will continue its tour once the
government admits it is ceding control to a higher, hegemonic power. Ticketmaster has
announced it will be issuing refunds to all ticketholders in 3-5 business days
#####
An escaped bee hive in Hamilton, Ontario spurs a neighbourhood effort to find the lost
bees. Sandy and Tegan Thornton were shocked to discover that the fuzzy friends in
their backyard beehive had disappeared overnight on September 26. Nature cam
footage that the couple had set up shows the swarm leaving en masse over the garden
fence in the early morning. After taking to their neighbourhood Facebook page, a
community bee-hunt was organized, naming themselves the Hamilton Honey Hunters.
The Honey Hunters conducted a thorough search, and finally found the swarm
underneath a used car for sale at Wayne’s Auto World. “We just followed our ears,” a
neighbour said. “It was easier than you think.”
#####