Curatorial staff at the Acropolis Museum in Athens were greeted with a surprise this
morning as they arrived at work to find almost 5 tonnes of historic marble statue in front
of the entrance. The statues have been confirmed to be part of West Pediment,
illustrating the Battle of Poseidon and Athena. These fragments had been housed in the
British Museum for over 150 years, but had gone missing in June, in one of the most
baffling archeological heists of the modern age. While the thieves of these statues are
still unknown to Interpol, Greeks around the world are celebrating the return of their
artifacts after decades of requests for repatriation, denied by the British Museum.
#####
Debates continue within the UN Security Council as to whether a country representative
for the Latin American and Caribbean States and African States groups will be granted
permanent member status within the council. The deliberation was sparked by UN
Secretary General Terence Munoz, after he threatened resignation if the current
permanent nations did not consider the council expansion. Currently, the permanent
council member nations include the United States, China, Russia, France and the
United Kingdom. These states have veto power over any and all motions that move
through the council, creating a significant global power. Critics argue that an
overrepresentation of Western powers maintains imperial legacies. In a statement to the
press, Munoz confirmed he was “ready to see the UN move past these historical
inequities.” Voting on the motion is set to occur later next week.
#####
Site development for a mine in Moosonee, part of the “Ring of Fire” was halted last
week after a polar bear attempted to attack the vehicles of site surveyors. While no one
was injured in the interactions, the bear caused significant damage to the outside of the
surveyors vehicles, and no staff was willing to exit and complete their surveys. While
seeing polar bears in the Southernmost part of James Bay, Ontario is uncommon, it is
not unprecedented. The Government of Ontario’s website lists Moosonee as within their
seasonal migratory range. Metalia Unlimited has requested a one-time permit to kill the
polar bears around the mine, citing worker safety. However, the Ontario Hunting and
Fishing office has denied their request and is investigating non-lethal methods to
discourage polar bears from traversing near the mine site.
#####
Gwenyth Paltrow sells Goop for $200 million and steps down as CEO of the company
she founded in 2008. Paltrow explained that she is moving to Alaska, and will be using
the money from the sale of her stake in the company in order to build a self-sufficient
underground bunker, citing the Apple TV series ‘Silo,’ as her primary inspiration.
#####