The Trump administration is yet again receiving widespread criticism for sending
deportees to alternative countries besides their homelands. Reports of packed
commercial flights headed towards Southern Guyana, which has generally been devoid
of human occupation since concurrent fallings began in the area last May. Experts say
the region receives approximately one impact a week, making the area incredibly
dangerous. Beyond environmental hazards, the area has been without utilities, medical
resources and stable food sources for months. The deportations have been called
“executions from above” and have been widely condemned as inhumane and
antidemocratic.
#####
A TTC service alert: there is no train service between Ossington and St-George station,
due to a person at track level. Shuttle buses are running. A reminder that, due to Nuit
Blanche, trains will run all night, turning to their regular service tomorrow evening.
#####
Doug Ford is in some hot water with bird conservationists after his controversial
statements regarding the new development at Billy Bishop Airport and its impact on the
nesting sites of endangered birds. When environmentalists interrupted Ford’s recent
press conference to ask how he felt about a recent study indicating that the airport
expansion likely lead to the extinction of the Piping Plover, a native shorebird that
nested in the region, he replied, “Would you rather the extinction of one species of bird,
or one province of Ontario?”
#####
Recent investigation by independent journalists has uncovered that multiple popular
brands of e-bikes including, CityRide, DCBike and Cloverdale have begun including
tracking sensors within the bikes frames, without any indication or opt-out option for
consumers. The investigation has tied the collected data to multiple third-party data
collection and sale platforms, indicating that the e-bike companies likely are profiting off
the data. CityRide refused to comment, and Cloverdale released a statement saying
that, quote, “We are currently conducting an internal investigation, to see if there is a
potential leak in data from our facility. Cloverdale does collect data from its riders, but
only for the purpose of functionality and repair work. This data is anonymized, and holds
no identifying factors that could connect the data to the individual e-bike holder. While
we at xxx are concerned at the possibility that this data may have made it outside our
organization, rest assured, all collected data is anonymized thoroughly, through our own
randomizing software.”