Despite months of international outcry, Amazon still refuses to ban the selling of “Safety
Domes” on its site. Safety Domes first started popping up for sale online in March after
a series of celebrity social media posts went viral, in which celebrities like Emma
Chamberlain, Kendall Jenner and Jelly Roll were showing off newly built protective
dome structures that encased their homes. These original Safety Domes were built by
the now defunct company, Harbinger Inc., and were said to be able to protect against
any falling atmospheric fragment of up to 25 tons. Knock-off companies began selling
similar domes shortly thereafter, offering the same peace of mind, but at a fraction of the
cost. Harbinger Inc.’s claim was quickly disproved on April 12 when a relatively small
atmospheric fragment hit Jenner’s 3.2 million dollar beach house, shattering it instantly
upon impact. Since then, Safety Domes have all but disappeared for sale online until
two weeks ago when a few started showing up again on Amazon and selling out in
seconds.
#####
The Lion King on Broadway prepares for its 30-year anniversary. The stage adaptation
of the animated film opened on October 15, 1997. The third-longest running show on
Broadway plans to celebrate with a pop-up zoo in Times Square with animals from the
Bronx Zoo, including lions, zebras, and giraffes.
#####
Indonesia has announced a new, 29 billion dollar redevelopment plan for Jakarta that
they claim will be on the “cutting edge, nature-based design.” The project, which is
estimated to be finished in 2035, include the daylighting of multiple urban waterways
that are currently channelled, and an ambitious plan to bring the city’s plant biodiversity
up to at least ⅔ of their forest diversity. While the plan is costly, urban planning experts
cite the success of other naturalization projects such as the restoration of the
Cheonggyecheon in South Korea as strong indicators that the project could be a
success.
#####
A popular atmospheric debris prediction site, Where2Hide, has been officially
debunked, proving to be part of a nefarious dark web scheme. Dark web users could
pay a fee to have a location listed as a likely area to be hit by aerial debris, often leading
to residents of the area evacuating. Police investigators in Boise, Idaho discovered the
ruse, when a string of burglaries occurred in the town, at addresses previously listed on
the site. The IP addresses of both the clients and web site host were collected, and the
police currently have warrants out for both parties. This is your friendly reminder to only
trust aerial debris warnings from trusted sources, like local government authorities, and